Mom, you said it was fine before the third year of high school
Why has it become like this now?
I will marry him later
Can this be happy?
Don't worry, girl.
Mom won't let you marry him
Previous engagements don't count
Mom, you are so kind to me.
Mom, you can't do this to my brother-in-law
You can't do that either, my sister
Be worthy of your conscience
All my friends and family know about this.
What a shitty conscience?
I will not marry
To marry you to marry
Look at your sister
How promising
Look at you again
Stupid as a pig
I'm just too lazy to pay attention to you.
Hmph, look at Sister Lin
Stupid girl
Let me tell you something.
We can't talk about breaking off the marriage first